in this lesson we're going to describe
the microsoft privacy statement the
online services terms or ost and the
data protection amendment the dpa
if we look at the skills assessed for az
900 we're now looking at this idea about
describe the privacy
and compliance resources
and then we're diving into these
particular elements we're going to
combine some of these together maybe
change the order slightly but we'll
cover all of these key types of resource
and these are basically three documents
so firstly i can think about this
microsoft privacy statement
this is all about the idea of the
personal data microsoft collects
how it's used and for what purpose so we
can absolutely go and look at that
document
you do not have to have read this in
detail the key point here is this exists
and the focus of this document is just
about and it's kind of stressing that in
the first sentence
the personal data microsoft processes
how and for what purpose
so this is the document i would go and
look at the microsoft privacy statement
to understand well what it collects
and why
the next document
is the online services terms now this is
the legal agreement between microsoft
and the customer
it outlines the various obligations
around processing and security of the
customer data and personal data so once
again you can go through this document
and it's really just going through it
has things like acceptable use policy
just the various aspects of that
agreement
between microsoft
and the customer
so that's the goal of this
the third document
is the data protection addendum the dpa
so this further defines the data
processing and security terms for the
various online services now this is
focusing around things like compliance
with laws disclosure of process data the
data security i.e security practices
policies encryption access compliance
and then data transfer the retention the
deletion
and this document you can see it's
available in lots of different languages
and i can just go and download the
current version
and then hey here we go so if i'm
curious about the details
of how the data is processed the
security for those
i can go and look at this document
so once again the key point here is you
do not have to have read all of these
documents you don't have to know word
for word what's in them
just the point of these documents is to
understand they exist
and which one hey i care about what
personal data microsoft's collecting
well that's the microsoft privacy
statement
hey what is the key kind of agreement
between microsoft and the customer well
that's the online services terms the ost
i want more detail about the data
processing the data handling security of
my online services well that's the data
protection addendum so i understand
those three documents exist
and
what their goals are